# SearchSearchRequest

SearchRequest is the input to the search API Simple queries can be specified as URI param using \"QueryString\". For advanced queries, it is recommended to use the \"SearchQuery\" structure and specify them in BODY of the GET/POST method. Examples of search query in query-string format: 1. Find all occurrences matching text “Network” Network 2. Find all occurrences matching phrase “link down” “link down” 3. Find all occurrences matching text production OR \"staging\" production staging 4. Find all occurrences matching text “Network” AND \"link down\" Network,\"link down\" Network AND \"link down\" 5. Find all config objects with label1=foo category:config label:label1=foo 6. Find all objects created on or after certain date+time category:config field:meta.created-time>=”date-time-string” 7. Find all Network objects with type=vlan kind:Network field:spec.type=vlan 8. Find all Naples nodes with admission-phase = pending or rejected kind:DistributedServiceCard field:spec.phase in (pending, rejected) 9. Find all events with text matching “disconnected” category:events disconnected 10. Find all Critical events for Network objects category:events kind:Network field:severity=CRITICAL 11. Find all Alerts generated from Naples MAC1 category:alerts field:status.source.node=MAC1 category:alerts MAC1 12. Find all Naples nodes with metric filter : mem>90 && cpu>90 category:metrics kind:DistributedServiceCard field:metric.mem>90,metric.cpu>90 13. Find all Endpoints with label Tier=Web with counter1>=100 category:metrics kind:Endpoint label:Tier=Web field:metric.counter1 > 100 14. Find all Endpoints objects with label target=prod with crc-error-count != 0 category:metrics kind:Endpoint label:target=prod field:status.crc-error-count!=0 15. Find all occurences matching the words and phrase in a certain category & kinds with certain field and label match production \"status down\" category:Network kind:Network,Service field:spec.service-type=external label:tier=web.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**aggregate** | **bool** | Indicates whether to perform aggregation on the search results or not. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of True
**_from** | **int** | From represents the start offset (zero based), used in paginated search requests The results returned would be in the range [From ... From+MaxResults-1] This can be specified as URI parameter. Default value is 0 and valid range is 0..8192. Value should be between 0 and 8192. | [optional] 
**max_results** | **int** | MaxResults is the max-count of search results This can be specified as URI parameter. Default value is 50 and valid range is 0..8192. Value should be between 0 and 8192. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of 50
**mode** | **str** | Query Mode. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "full"
**query** | [**SearchSearchQuery**](SearchSearchQuery.md) |  | [optional] 
**query_string** | **str** | Simple query string This can be specified as URI parameter. For advanced query cases, Users should use specify SearchQuery and pass the SearchRequest in a GET/POST Body The max query-string length is 256 bytes. Length of string should be between 0 and 256. | [optional] 
**sort_by** | **str** | SortyBy is an optional parameter and contains the field name to be sorted by, For eg: \&quot;meta.name\&quot; This can be specified as URI parameter. Length of string should be between 0 and 256. | [optional] 
**sort_order** | **str** | SortOrder is an optional parameter and contains whether to sort ascending or descending This can be specified as URI parameter. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "ascending"
**tenants** | **[str]** | OR of tenants within the scope of which search needs to be performed. If not specified, it will be set to tenant of the logged in user. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


