# SecurityIKESAParameters

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**dh_groups** | **[str]** |  | [optional] 
**dpd_delay** | **str** | DPDDelay is how often a liveness probe is sent for dead peer detection (DPD). Default is 60 seconds. Empty value disables DPD. A duration string is a sequence of decimal number and a unit suffix, such as \&quot;24h\&quot; or \&quot;2h45m\&quot;. Valid time units are \&quot;ns\&quot;, \&quot;us\&quot; (or \&quot;µs\&quot;), \&quot;ms\&quot;, \&quot;s\&quot;, \&quot;m\&quot;, \&quot;h\&quot;. The actual delay between detecting a dead peer and tearing down the tunnel depends on the configured retransmission timers in strongswan which currently is set at one retry every 5s for a total of 5 retries. The tunnel will be cleaned up after the retransmissions are done and will not be setup again if IkeInitiator is false. Should be a valid time duration between 1m0s and 1h0m0s. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "60s"
**encryption_algorithms** | **[str]** |  | [optional] 
**hash_algorithms** | **[str]** | HashAlgorithm is used for integrity and PRF(Pseudo Random Function). For authenticated ciphers AES-GCM-128 and AEC-GCM-256 it is used as PRF only. | [optional] 
**ike_initiator** | **bool** | IkeInitiator dictates if the local node will actively initiate the tunnel after loading the config. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**ikev1_dpd_timeout** | **str** | IKEv1DPDTimeout is the timeout for dead peer detection (DPD) after which IKE SA and IPsec SA are terminated. It applies only to IKEv1. A duration string is a sequence of decimal number and a unit suffix, such as \&quot;180s\&quot; or \&quot;2h45m\&quot;. Valid time units are \&quot;s\&quot;, \&quot;m\&quot;, \&quot;h\&quot;. Should be a valid time duration between 1m0s and 1h0m0s. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "180s"
**ikev1_mode** | **str** | Mode is IKE negotiation to use, MAIN or AGGRESSIVE, applies to IKEv1. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "main"
**pre_shared_key** | **str** | PreSharedKey can be empty for policy update by user. Existing value is automatically populated when updating policy if is left empty by user. Length of string should be at least 20. | [optional] 
**reauth_lifetime** | **str** | ReauthLifetime is the time duration after which reauthentication occurs. Default is 24 hours. Empty value disables re-authentication. A duration string is a sequence of decimal number and a unit suffix, such as \&quot;24h\&quot; or \&quot;2h45m\&quot;. Valid time units are \&quot;s\&quot;, \&quot;m\&quot;, \&quot;h\&quot;. Reauths default to a break-before-make behavior in IKEv2 and there will be a minor traffic disruption (IKEv1 defaults to make-before-break as the child SA is not recreated, just transferred from the old IKE SA to the new IKE SA). IKE Reauths with PSK authentication provide no benefit over rekeys. It is recommended to disable IKE rekeys if reauth is enabled. Should be a valid time duration between 1h0m0s and 24h0m0s. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "24h"
**rekey_lifetime** | **str** | RekeyLifetime is the time duration after which fresh cryptographic keys are created for IKE SA. Default is 8 hours. Empty value disables re-keying. A duration string is a sequence of decimal number and a unit suffix, such as \&quot;24h\&quot; or \&quot;2h45m\&quot;. Valid time units are \&quot;s\&quot;, \&quot;m\&quot;, \&quot;h\&quot;. IKE Rekeys refresh the key materials and don&#39;t authenticate the associated credentials. This is supported in IKE v2 only. IKEv1 always performs a reauthentication procedure instead. The actual rekey time range is determined by a rand_time that is equal to 10% of the reauth or rekey time, whichever is larger. Should be a valid time duration between 15m0s and 24h0m0s. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "8h"

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


